# :beer: Ostentatious Brewing Brewery Monitor UI
## About
This application is to be used in conjunction with OB_BreweryMonitor located here: https://github.com/austinshinkle/OB_BreweryMonitor. It connects to the web socket generated by OB_BreweryMonitor, which gathers all the sensor data, and uses NiceGUI (nicegui.io) to visualize the data. Additionally, it connects to the Ostentatious Brewing Website (https://ostentatiousbrewing.wixsite.com/ostentatiousbrewing), which stores beer recipes and information so that it can populate statistics in the monitoring UI.

## Supported Data
The application supports up to two "On Tap" kegs and two beers "In Production" 

### "On Tap"
The application will show static information collected from the Ostentatious Brewing website via the API. The elements displayed are the beer name, image, style, ABV, IBU, and calculated SRM. In addition, the percent remaining beer is calculated by OB_BreweryMonitor to be displayed. Additionally, the keg temperature is gathered by OB_BreweryMonitor to be displayed.

### "In Production"
The application will show static information collected from the Ostentatious Brewing website via the API. The elements displayed are the beer name, image, style, target OG, actual OG, and target FG. In addition, fermentation chamber temperature, wort temperature and current wort gravity are collected by OB_BreweryMonitor to be displayed.


### Data Interface
The data interface between OB_BreweryMonitor and OB_BreweryMonitorUI are supplied in a data dictionary with key as follows:
```FermentationChamberTemp1_F
FermentationChamberTemp2_F
KegeratorTemp_F
KegWeightSensor1_PCT
KegWeightSensor2_PCT```
